---
id: 186
title: Kona 2022
date: 2020-10-16T21:53:57+00:00
author: jordan_terry
layout: post
permalink: /kona-2022
categories:
  - Triathlon
---
About three years ago I signed up for a triathlon. Five months after that I managed to drag my way around that triathlon and kind of enjoy it.. little did I know how much of an impact this would have on my life!

After that first race (super sprint distance) I discovered there was a huge world of triathlon out there. One of the first things I stumbled upon was the Ironman World Championships in Kona.

For those who don't know the Ironman World Championships are held every October in Kailua-Kona, Hawaii. Some of the best triathletes of the year gather on the island a race each other over the 3.9km swim, 180km bike ride and 42km run.

What a bunch of nutters.

Anyway, I'd like to go there and do that in 2022. You can't just rock up to a world championship event you have to qualify for it. To qualify for it you have to be one of the best athletes at an Ironman event, like top-5 in your age group good.

I'm nothing in the shape I need to be to hit this goal right now. So I need to really apply myself for two years and hopefully I will find myself swimming with turtles in 2022. I've been telling people this for quite a while now but now its time to turn my threats of getting good at sports into some form of reality.

To stand a chance of seeing those turtles, 2021 will have to be a big year for me. I have a few goals I have set myself. I need to train consistently, on 31st December 2021 I want to look back on my Training Peaks and see 52 weeks of perfectly completed sessions. Of course illness and life may get in the way so I want to perfectly complete more than 95% of the training sessions I am given.

If we are lucky enough to race I have two A-races; Ironman 70.3 Marbella which I want to complete in less than 5 hours and Ironman Switzerland which I want to complete in less than 11 hours.

I'm also going to keep a training diary on this blog. Reflection is one of the best ways to improve yourself and a training diary helps you to really understand how you are feeling. Why not share it with the one or two people who might read this website?

Those are some pretty hefty goals, but if I train, eat and sleep well I see absolutely no reason why I shouldn't hit them.

My new season of training kicks off on the 26th October.. wish me luck.